Oh
so what did you want to tell me more oh
well it's just that um you know how I
said we were going to spend Christmas
together yeah did something come on um
it's just that yesterday I got a work
call and they said that um well I uh
come on alarm spit it out already I want
to hear what what's wrong you can still
spend Christmas with me right well it's
just that I I have a business trip I
have to go to it goes all the way to
january eight I'm sorry I can't spend
any Christmas break with you oh man mom
I've been looking forward to this
Christmas all year you've been having
business trips all the time I know honey
and I'm really really sorry that's okay
i guess since you can't spend winter
break with me um I was thinking of
taking you to your aunt's house hey Aunt
Gertrude I haven't seen her in years oh
I can't wait to see you Heather last
time I saw her she looked almost exactly
like me Wow I just yeah can't wait well
at least you know I only saw have fun at
their house I always do but what does
Heather look like now she kept changing
and changing every time I visited I
thought she was different person oh well
she looks she's really pretty but you're
gonna have to see her when you go um
since they're in California and we're in
Canada huh yeah canada um then I'm gonna
have to buy you a plane ticket Oh can't
we just drive drive I'm just kidding
anyway at least I'm gonna have fun of
their house whoo glad about that thank
goodness well that's good sweetie um I'm
gonna go and get you your plane ticket
okay okay um so do you have to like go
online
that yeah um so I'm just gonna go see
you later hon see you mon huh California
wow I can't wait hey mom yeah I'm gonna
go back okay okay go ahead ah California
I'm so excited I'm sorry to have a
Carolina oh that's okay I'm actually
kind of glad at all to carry anything
around would be a lot less stressful and
if I forget something like my ipod on
the plane that would remove oh oh yeah
that was really something but at least
you have some money in your pocket right
yeah yeah don't worry I have enough for
food and water and all that stuff I'm
worried about you two going on the play
ball low from you got me a fancy ticket
so that the air attendance and everybody
looks after me like I'm seven I'm not
serving them 15 don't worry about me Mom
I'll be fine okay sweetie like what he
said leaving in 10 and oh that's me
gotta go mom okay bye sweetie here give
me a hug by mom I love you love you too
hun so go be saved okay you too mom have
a good business trip
hmm it Gertrude said that we'd be
meeting right here somewhere oh there's
some people Alice Edward oh thank Ellis
where's your carry on dear oh I didn't
get it can't get a carry on this time I
think my bag is on the bag claim over
there somewhere no I checked this is not
your bags and over there your mom told
us that it would be purple and it's not
over there oh my bags not purple oh yeah
my cat backpack yeah it's a little bit
embarrassing it's not purple velux pink
Oh Heather we know we got a battery oh
you did where is it right here it's
really see oh you thank goodness I'll
steer is all on you brah oh yeah um I
brought all my clothes and I don't have
that many feel fit man though closets
humongous at home but I don't have that
much to fit in it I don't want to bother
my mom with having her to buy me a bunch
of clothes and all so I just brought
what I'll all stuff I have I figured it
would you know hold me over mom are you
thinking what I'm thinking I believe so
dear shopping spree no no no no you guys
don't have to do that for me really
honestly I have all I need right here
besides I don't even have a phone and I
don't need a phone trust me all I need
is my little ipod nano it's perfectly
fine I'm totally content with what I
have don't even have a phone
Christmas for with lunch ok so moving on
come on what are we waiting around here
for and seriously I'm getting tired of
this boring place Oh Heather way